#https://www.rapid7.com/db/modules/exploit/windows/scada/igss9_igssdataserver_rename

push reg; pop reg; ret
add reg, constant; ret
add reg, constant; ret
xor reg, constant; ret
mov reg, sreg:[reg]; ret
mov sreg:[reg], reg; ret
add reg, constant; ret
push reg; pop reg; ret
add reg, constant; ret
add reg, constant; ret
add reg, constant; ret
add reg, constant; ret
mov reg, reg; pop reg; ret
mov sreg:[reg], reg; ret
add reg, constant; ret
mov sreg:[reg], reg; ret
add reg, constant; ret
xor reg, constant; ret
mov sreg:[reg], reg; ret
add reg, constant; ret
xor reg, constant; ret
mov sreg:[reg], reg; ret
add reg, constant; ret
pop reg; ret
mov sreg:[reg], reg; ret
add reg, constant; ret
xchg reg, reg; ret